10.0 pos mobile patch (#1110)
it-projects-llc/pos-addons: pos_mobile/doc/index.rst

  * Run the Safari browser on Apple’s iOS and open the POS web page
  * Tap the Share button on the browser’s toolbar
  * Tap the Add to Home Screen icon in the Share menu

Fastclick issues

> ================

Reviewer: make it subsection of Installation seciton

According to the library note: fastclick offers no benefit on newer browsers, and risks introducing bugs into your application

Possible error is:

> [Violation] A non-passive event listener was added to a scroll lock event . Consider marking the event handler as 'passive' to make the page more responsive. See 

Reviewer: If you want a new line in rendered page, you need ad extra new line

https://github.com/it-projects-llc/pos-addons/blob/ab527b9324dbabfcb9cd3560cf3d5392b5932f55/pos_mobile/doc/index.rst

> The following commit removes fastclick from Odoo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following commit removes fastclick in Odoo 12.0:
```

> https://github.com/odoo/odoo/commit/2f8bfb77d6f9f957448d6267e4037fabf5665a3c

Reviewer: It's a commit from PR, not the commit that landed to odoo. Correct link: https://github.com/odoo/odoo/commit/d458ec953b179596330091b3efe729868fb56ca2

> To apply them you can use git commands or use patch file remove_fastclick.patch. The patch can be found at module source. Exact commands are as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply the update on earlier odoo version you can use git commands or use patch file remove_fastclick.patch. The patch can be found at module source. Exact commands are as following:
```
